FFWEB-1512: `infinite-scroll` NOTE (#229)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/1.x/en/ff-record-list.md

We recommend using higher values for `[infinite-debounce-delay]` and `infinite-scroll-margin` like:

> **Note:**

Reviewer: The _Note_ is probably best placed below the code listing. The `...like:` from above doesn't work anymore.

> Please do not use `infinite-scroll` in `ff-record-list` inside components like `ff-recommendation` or `ff-pushed-products`. This attribute is not designed to work with them and using it may cause unwanted side effect

Reviewer: `in ... inside ...` felt a bit bumpy. What's your opinion on this?
```suggestion
Please do not use `infinite-scrolling` when the `ff-record-list` is inside a component like `ff-recommendation` or `ff-pushed-products`. The attribute is not designed to work in this context and using it may cause unwanted side effects.
```
